DITAfication of Provisioning hosts (#4515)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_prerequisites-for-network-boot-provisioning.adoc

[id="prerequisites-for-network-boot-provisioning"]
= Prerequisites for network-boot provisioning

[role="_abstract"]

> Before you can use the automated PXE or UEFI HTTP provisioning methods, ensure that your environment meets the following requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can perform network-based host provisioning, ensure that your environment meets the following requirements.
```

suggestion to avoid using those two specific provisioning methods.
